[Kaptain] COPS-7232 profile creation (#4421)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kaptain/1.3.0/user-management/index.md

For a chart of the permissions granted to each `ClusterRole`, see the [Permissions Charts](#permissions-charts).

## Onboarding new users

### Overview

Kaptain provides an abstraction called `Profile` which is assigned to a user and bound to a namespace along with additional
resources such as namespace-scoped service accounts, RBAC `RoleBinding`s, Istio `ServiceRole` and `ServiceRoleBinding`.
Kubeflow grants users with namespace admin permissions for their namespaces.

### Automatic profile creation
When an authenticated user logs into the system and visits the central dashboard for the first time, they trigger a profile creation automatically, this is referred to as a "Registration Flow".
Automatic profile creation is disabled by default. To enable it, set the `registrationFlow` parameter to `true`:

```
kubectl kudo install --instance kaptain --namespace kubeflow --create-namespace ./kubeflow-1.4.0_1.3.0.tgz -p registrationFlow=true

> ```

Reviewer: I think it still might be a good idea to show how to enable it during the fresh installation. Should we keep this command in addition to `kubectl kudo update`?

> When an authenticated user logs into the system and visits the central dashboard for the first time, they trigger a profile creation. This is referred to as a "Registration Flow". However, automatic profile creation is disabled by default.

Reviewer: We have this [blog post](https://d2iq.com/blog/what-you-need-to-know-about-cryptomining-attacks-on-kubeflow), which explains why we disable this feature by default. Maybe we should add a link here for more context?

> When an authenticated user logs into the system and visits the central dashboard for the first time, they trigger a profile creation. This is referred to as a "Registration Flow". However, automatic profile creation is disabled by default.

Author: ```suggestion
When an authenticated user logs into the system and visits the central dashboard for the first time, they trigger a profile creation. This is referred to as a "Registration Flow". However, automatic profile creation is [disabled by default](https://d2iq.com/blog/what-you-need-to-know-about-cryptomining-attacks-on-kubeflow).
```

> -   To **enable** it, ensure all [`kudo plans`][kudoplan] have been completed, and then set the `registrationFlow` parameter to `true`:

Reviewer 2: not sure if we want to mention this but the exact command to run is
<img width="987" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35975404/165968217-e436697e-75ca-4579-8537-499283e026c5.png">
and can be found [on this page](https://docs.d2iq.com/dkp/kaptain/1.3.0/install/konvoy-dkp/).

For a chart of the permissions granted to each `ClusterRole`, see the [Permissions Charts](#permissions-charts).

## Onboarding new users

### Overview

Kaptain provides an abstraction called `Profile` which is assigned to a user and bound to a namespace along with additional
resources such as namespace-scoped service accounts, RBAC `RoleBinding`s, Istio `ServiceRole` and `ServiceRoleBinding`.
Kubeflow grants users with namespace admin permissions for their namespaces.

### Automatic profile creation

> When an authenticated user logs into the system and visits the central dashboard for the first time, they trigger a profile creation. This is referred to as a "Registration Flow". However, automatic profile creation is [disabled by default](https://d2iq.com/blog/what-you-need-to-know-about-cryptomining-attacks-on-kubeflow).

Author: ```suggestion
When an authenticated user logs into the system and visits the central dashboard for the first time, they trigger a profile creation. This is referred to as a "Registration Flow." However, automatic profile creation is [disabled by default](https://d2iq.com/blog/what-you-need-to-know-about-cryptomining-attacks-on-kubeflow).
```

> When an authenticated user logs into the system and visits the central dashboard for the first time, they trigger a profile creation. This is referred to as a "Registration Flow." However, automatic profile creation is disabled by default [for security reasons](https://d2iq.com/blog/what-you-need-to-know-about-cryptomining-attacks-on-kubeflow).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When an authenticated user logs into the system and visits the central dashboard for the first time, they trigger a profile creation. This is referred to as a "Registration Flow." However, [for security reasons](https://d2iq.com/blog/what-you-need-to-know-about-cryptomining-attacks-on-kubeflow), automatic profile creation is disabled by default.
```

> -   To **enable it when installing Kaptain**, run this command:

Reviewer 3: In these cases, even though the section is about profile creation, restate that here in place of "it".
We want to do this in case a user skips everything else and just goes to the commands, so they can still know for sure what "it" refers to.

    ```bash
    kubectl kudo install --instance kaptain --namespace kubeflow --create-namespace ./kubeflow-1.4.0_1.3.0.tgz -p registrationFlow=true
    ```

-   To **enable it later on**, ensure all `kudo plans` [have been completed](https://docs.d2iq.com/dkp/kaptain/1.3.0/install/konvoy-dkp/#:~:text=Monitor%20the%20installation%20by%20running), and then set the `registrationFlow` parameter to `true`:

    ```bash
    kubectl kudo update --instance kaptain -p registrationFlow=true --namespace kubeflow
    ```

    <p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE: </strong>Refer to KUDO documentation to obtain additional information on the <a href="https://kudo.dev/docs/cli/commands.html#plan"><code>kudo plans</code>.</a></p>

>     After running this command, log out and back into the kubeflow dashboard. You will be prompted to create a profile.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    After running this command, log out and back into the kubeflow dashboard. You are prompted to create a profile.
```

-   To **disable** it, set the `registrationFlow` parameter back to `false`:

> 

Reviewer 3: Replace "it" again here
